# Milestone M2: Team Feedback

This milestone M2 provides an opportunity to give you, as a team, formal feedback on how you are performing in the project. By now, you should be building upon the foundations set in M1, achieving greater autonomy and collaboration within the team. This is meant to complement the informal, ungraded feedback from your coaches given during the weekly meetings or asynchronously on Discord, email, etc.

The feedback focuses on two major themes:
First, whether you have adopted good software engineering practices and are making progress toward delivering value to your users.
Is your design and implementation of high quality, easy to maintain, and well tested?
Second, we look at how well you are functioning as a team, how you organize yourselves, and how well you have refined your collaborative development.
An important component is also how much you have progressed, as a team, since the previous milestone.
You can find the evaluation criteria in the [M2 Deliverables](https://github.com/swent-epfl/public/blob/main/project/M2.md) document.
As mentioned in the past, the standards for M2 are elevated relative to M1, and this progression will continue into M3.

We looked at several aspects, grouped as follows:

 - Design
   - [Features](#design-features)
   - [Design Documentation](#design-documentation)
 - [Implementation and Delivery](#implementation-and-delivery)
 - Scrum
   - [Backlogs Maintenance](#scrum-backlogs-maintenance)
   - [Documentation and Ceremonies](#scrum-documentation-and-ceremonies)
   - [Continuous Delivery of Value](#scrum-continuous-delivery-of-value)

## Design: Features

We interacted with your app from a user perspective, assessing each implemented feature and flagging any issues encountered. Our evaluation focused mainly on essential features implemented during Sprints 3, 4, and 5; any additional features planned for future Sprints were not considered in this assessment unless they induced buggy behavior in the current APK.
We examined the completeness of each feature in the current version of the app, and how well it aligns with user needs and the overall project goals.


The features you've implemented are very aligned with your app's core idea. You've already implemented some complex features such as document scanning, openAI integration. Your per-sprint work is always very consistent and you always prioritise the correct tasks to do.


For this part, you received 7.5 points out of a maximum of 8.0.

## Design: Documentation

We reviewed your Figma (including wireframes and mockups) and the evolution of your overall design architecture in the three Sprints.
We assessed how you leveraged Figma to reason about the UX, ensure a good UX, and facilitate fast UI development.
We evaluated whether your Figma and architecture diagram accurately reflect the current implementation of the app and how well they align with the app's functionality and structure.


Overall the UI in the figma is okay, you could work on your color schemes, the note screen feels a bit too form like, make sure to test your UI on smaller screens as there some small very minor display bugs in the profile screen.
The architecture diagram is good, it's up-to-date with the code but you could try to take into account future features too, like the reviews. Also don't forget to add firebase storage for your images.


For this part, you received 5.4 points out of a maximum of 6.0.

## Implementation and Delivery

We evaluated several aspects of your app's implementation, including code quality, testing, CI practices, and the functionality and quality of the APK.
We assessed whether your code is well modularized, readable, and maintainable.
We looked at the efficiency and effectiveness of your unit and end-to-end tests, and at the line coverage they achieve.


Your code quality is very good. We found almost no code architecture issues. A minor thing you could improve on is your inconsistent use of string resources. Also you have some bigger composables that could be further decomposed into smaller composables so the code becomes more readable.
Your testing suites go in depth, testing almost all edge cases, you have very high coverage (over 88%). Your end2end tests follow a proper user flow, the one thing I would change is that they should call MainActivity instead of overwriting the whole navigation, but if you run into too many issues then it's secondary.
The APK you provided ran without any bugs or performance issues.


For this part, you received 14.8 points out of a maximum of 16.0.

## Scrum: Backlogs Maintenance

We looked at whether your Scrum board is up-to-date and well organized.
We evaluated your capability to organize Sprint 6 and whether you provided a clear overview of this planning on the Scrum board.
We assessed the quality of your user stories and epics: are they clearly defined, are they aligned with a user-centric view of the app, and do they suitably guide you in delivering the highest value possible.


You use the scrumboard perfectly, using it as a helping productivity tool. By taking a glance at it, it is easy to understand what people are working on, and what should be done in the future. You use different tags for improved readability and the tasks make sense together. Good job!


For this part, you received 3.8 points out of a maximum of 4.0.

## Scrum: Documentation and Ceremonies

We assessed how you used the Scrum process to organize yourselves efficiently.
We looked at how well you documented your team Retrospective and Stand-Up during each Sprint.
We also evaluated your autonomy in using Scrum.


The standup doc and team retrospective are always filled with care and help guide us on fridays.
During meetings you are always highly engaged and it shows you really enjoy this course.
All in all you have completely integrated the scrum process, and function very well as a team. 


For this part, you received 3.8 points out of a maximum of 4.0.

## Scrum: Continuous Delivery of Value

We evaluated the Increment you delivered at the end of each Sprint, assessing your team’s ability to continuously add value to the app.
This included an assessment of whether the way you organized the Sprints was conducive to an optimal balance between effort invested and delivery of value.


At every meeting, we see some features added that consistently make your app better. You always work to have a good result at the end of each sprint and is easy for us through the demo to understand your tasks of the week.


For this part, you received 2 points out of a maximum of 2.0.

## Summary

Based on the above points, your intermediate grade for this milestone M2 is 5.66. If you are interested in how this fits into the bigger grading scheme, please see the [project README](https://github.com/swent-epfl/public/blob/main/project/README.md) and the [course README](https://github.com/swent-epfl/public/blob/main/README.md).

Your coaches will be happy to discuss the above feedback in more detail.

Good luck for the next Sprints!
